Add landing page for how-to (#171)
canonical/httprequest-lego-provider: charm/docs/how-to/index.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description lang=en": "How-to guides for operating the HTTPRequest Lego provider charm, including basic operations, upgrades, and development. "
---

How-to guides
=============

The following guides cover key processes and common tasks for managing and
using the `httprequest-lego-provider` charm.

Basic operations
----------------

Once you've finished setting up the charm, now you can perform a number
of actions with your deployment. These guides provide instructions on
basic operations you can complete with the charm.

- [How to manage users](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/manage-users)
- [How to manage domains](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/manage-domains)
- [Back up and restore](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/back-up-restore)

> - [Upgrade](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/upgrade)

Reviewer: What do you think about creating a dedicated section for these two pages, and call it something like `Maintenance and development`?

Author: I have added a section on maintenance.

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description lang=en": "How-to guides for operating the HTTPRequest Lego provider charm, including basic operations, upgrades, and development. "
---

How-to guides
=============

The following guides cover key processes and common tasks for managing and
using the `httprequest-lego-provider` charm.

Basic operations
----------------

Once you've finished setting up the charm, now you can perform a number
of actions with your deployment. These guides provide instructions on
basic operations you can complete with the charm.

- [How to manage users](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/manage-users)
- [How to manage domains](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/manage-domains)
- [How to troubleshoot API timeouts](https://charmhub.io/httprequest-lego-provider/docs/troubleshoot-api-timeouts)

Maintenance
-----------

> These guides provide instructions on maintenance-related operations such as upgrade and back up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guides provide instructions on maintenance-related operations such as upgrades and backups.
```
nit
